as he can't tree we saw that he was
feeling his long sticky tongue
flickering over the branches gathering
the ends which swarmed everywhere not a
particularly pleasant meal one would
have thought but at least his hard scaly
coat protects him from the worst of the
his stings
without a regular daily supply of live
ants the Pangolin can't live
we couldn't hope to provide him with the
right sort of ants in London so we
didn't try to catch him but does sent
quietly and watched him as he continued
undisturbed with his morning meal
we noticed that the ants on which the
Anglin was feeding had constructed nests
for themselves by fasting together
classes of leaves there seemed to be a
great deal of activity going on around
these nests so we looked closer
at first we couldn't distinguish exactly
what the ants were doing as they bustle
about so busily
however then we noticed this group with
their jaws locked tight in the lower
leaf and their hind legs attached to the
upper leaf the colony is constructing a
new nest and these patient workers are
holding two leaves of the future nest in
position so that other members can
fasten them together to form the outer
wall of their new home